Wiki Reorg: Funding Section (#6137)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/funding.md

---
id: funding
title: Funding Opportunities
sidebar_label: Funding
description: An Overview of Funding Opportunities within the Polkadot Ecosystem.
keywords: [funding, grants, decentralized futures, treasury, bounties]
slug: ../funding
---

import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList'; import MessageBox from "../../components/MessageBox";
import "../../components/MessageBox.css";

<MessageBox message="For fundraising in a decentralized, transparent, and regulatory compliant manner within the ecosystem, check out the [Polimec parachain](https://www.polimec.org/)." />

:::tip

> Check out the [programs](programs-index) for all kinds of ecosystem support opportunities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [programs](programs-index) for numerous ecosystem support opportunities.
```

:::

<DocCardList />

> If you are certain you want to apply for a W3F grant, head straight to our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are certain you want to apply for a W3F grant, head straight to the
```

[application process documentation](https://grants.web3.foundation/docs/Process/how-to-apply).
Alternatively, the flowchart below outlines where we think the grants program fits in relation to
other popular funding opportunities.

## Funding Opportunities Overview

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A(Project Focus)
    A -->|Development| B[Stage of Development]
    A -->|Research| C[Grants Program]
    A -->|Other| D[Business model exists]

>     B -->|Existing POC| E[Treasury or Decentralized Futures]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    B -->|Existing POC| E[Treasury]
```

    B -->|No POC| F[Grants Program]
    D -->|No|H[Treasury]

>     D -->|Yes|J[Decentralized Futures]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    D -->|Yes|J[Venture Capital]
```

>     style C stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
>     style E stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
>     style F stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
>     style H stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
>     style J stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
> 
>     click C "https://grants.web3.foundation/docs/Process/how-to-apply" "Apply now"
>     click E "https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/decentralized-futures" "Apply Now"
>     click F "https://grants.web3.foundation/docs/Process/how-to-apply" "Apply now"
>     click H "https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-polkadot-opengov-treasury" "https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-polkadot-opengov-treasury" _blank
>     click J "https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/decentralized-futures" "https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/decentralized-futures" _blank
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    style C stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
    style E stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
    style F stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
    style H stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
    style J stroke:#e83e8c,stroke-width:2px,stroke-dasharray: 5 5

    click C "https://grants.web3.foundation/docs/Process/how-to-apply" "Apply now"
    click F "https://grants.web3.foundation/docs/Process/how-to-apply" "Apply now"
    click H "https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-polkadot-opengov-treasury" "https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-polkadot-opengov-treasury" _blank
```
```

For a longer list and a description of the programs listed below, check out
[our page on alternative funding opportunities](./grants.md#alternative-funding-sources).

## Funding FAQ

> _Will the grant be awarded to those delivering a complete product that everyone in the ecosystem can

Reviewer: Maybe these would be better as a numbered list, or similar?
